Vtgate metrics: Added plan and query type metrics (#17727)
vitessio/vitess: changelog/22.0/22.0.0/summary.md

$ vtctldclient ApplySchema --ddl-strategy="pt-osc" ...
```

### <a id="vtgate-metrics"/>VTGate Metrics

Added two new metrics for queries with query type, plan type and tablet type as dimension.

> 1. QueryProcessed - This counts the number of query executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. QueryProcessed - This counts the number of queries processed by this vtgate.
```

Author: I am not sure if adding `this VTGate` helps. 
Any time-series database will accumulate data from all VTGates and show a single view. 
However, users can add `instance` as a dimension to view it on a per-VTGate basis. 
The metrics themselves are collected at a single-process level.

> 2. QueryRouted - This counts the number of shards the query was executed on.

Reviewer: This says shards but the actual description of the metric says "routed to vttablets". Which one is it?

Deprecated:

> 1. QueriesProcessed

Reviewer: In code you are deprecating the table metrics, but that is missing from here.

Author: I have added `QueryTables` as replacement metric and updated the summary notes.
